SHH!
(lowered voice)
I DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING.
STOP TALKING.
THAT'S TALKING.
YOU THINK SHE'S ASLEEP YET?
I'M ON THE SAME SIDE
OF THE DOOR AS YOU ARE.
(whispers) STOP TALKING.
CAM?
LILY LOST
HER FIRST TOOTH TODAY,
AND SHE'S VERY EXCITED ABOUT
A VISIT FROM THE TOOTH FAIRY.
WHEN I HAD
MY FIRST LOOSE TOOTH...
MY MAMA TIED ONE END
OF A STRING TO IT
AND THE OTHER TO THE TAIL
OF A GUERNSEY COW...
(mouths word)
FIRED OFF
A 12-GAUGE SHOTGUN,
AND THE COW WENT
RUNNING OUT OF THE ROOM.
THAT NEVER HAPPENED.
TELL THAT TO THE COW-SHAPED HOLE
IN MY BEDROOM WALL.
SHH.
GOTCHA!
(switch clicks)
(gasps)
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
YOU'RE NOT THE TOOTH FAIRY.
N-NO.
BUT WE JUST WANTED TO SEE
IF SHE'D COME YET.
NO. SHE SURE IS TAKING
HER SWEET TIME.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD JUST
GO BACK TO SLEEP, SWEETIE...
YEAH.
'CAUSE IT COULD TAKE A WHILE.
MM-HMM.
(sighs)
I'VE GOT NOWHERE TO BE.
♪
MOM, I CAN'T BE LATE TODAY.
SANJAY PATEL AND I
ARE DISSECTING A PIG.
SO SAD WHAT PASSES
FOR A DATE IN YOUR LIFE.
HALEY.
HE KEEPS ASKING ME TO HAND HIM
ALL OF THE INSTRUMENTS.
HE WANTS ME TO ACT
LIKE A NURSE.
NOW IT SOUNDS LIKE
A DATE IN HALEY'S LIFE.
WHOA.
OKAY, BEFORE YOU SAY NO...
NO.
YOU HAVEN'T EVEN SEEN IT YET.
MM, I'M STICKING WITH "NO."
IT'S FOR LUKE'S CAREER DAY.
I THOUGHT I'D OFFER
THE KIDS A CHANCE
TO PUT THEIR FACE ON MY BODY.
(children) EW.
EW. I JUST HEARD IT, TOO.
HOW COME YOU GUYS
NEVER HAD A CAREER DAY?
CUTBACKS.
NOR'EASTER.
TODAY I GET TO TALK
ABOUT THE LOVE OF MY LIFE...
RESIDENTIAL REAL ESTATE.
HE REALLY DOESN'T HEAR IT.
I WANNA MAKE LUKE PROUD.
I WANNA BE HIS HERO
LIKE MY DAD WAS
WHEN HE TALKED TO MY CLASS
ABOUT RUNNING A GROCERY STORE.
HE CAME IN WITH TWO PRICE GUNS
IN HOLSTERS
AND MARKED OUR TEACHER
AT $1.29
BEFORE SHE KNEW
WHAT HIT HER.
I BET THAT PRODUCED
A LOT OF LAUGHS.
(laughs)
CLAIRE, PLEASE.
AND OLIVIA BERMAN'S MOM
WORKS IN THE RARE BOOKS
DEPARTMENT AT THE LIBRARY.
HOPE I GET A CHANCE
TO PICK THAT BRAIN.
LOOKS LIKE YOU GOT
QUITE THE CAREER DAY LINEUP.
SO I GUESS THEY ALREADY GOT
A CLOSET GUY COMING IN, HUH?
NO. I DIDN'T THINK
YOU'D WANNA DO IT.
I DON'T, BUT YOU KNOW,
I JUST FEEL BAD FOR THE KIDS.
A LOT OF INTERESTING STORIES
IN THE CLOSET BIZ.
OH. WHY HAVE YOU NEVER
TOLD US ANY?
OKAY. WELL, FOR EXAMPLE,
THERE WAS THIS GUY...
MUST HAVE HAD
OVER A HUNDRED HATS...
YES?
AND WE HAD TO FIT THEM
IN THE CLOSET.
OKAY?
AND WE DID.
ALL RIGHT.
MAYBE IT'S NOT
THE MOST EXCITING CAREER
IN THE WORLD,
BUT IT PAYS THE BILLS.
NO ONE IS COMPLAINING.
WERE THERE OTHER THINGS
I'D RATHER DO? YES.
BUT I HAD TO MAKE ENDS MEET.
WHAT OTHER THINGS?
WELL, I ALWAYS WANTED
TO WRITE THRILLERS.
LIKE THAT HAT STORY?
SPY THRILLERS.
I'VE BEEN KICKING AROUND
THIS CHARACTER,
CIA AGENT CHUCK STONE,
WHO DOESN'T CARE
HOW MUCH HIS ANTICS
ANNOY THE BRASS IN ARLINGTON.
WHY DIDN'T YOU EVER TRY IT?
I WAS BUSY
WITH WORK AND FAMILY.
I WAS GONNA START WRITING
AFTER MY DIVORCE,
BUT YOU KNOW...
LIFE GOT IN THE WAY.
WHY DO YOU POINT AT ME
WHEN YOU SAY "LIFE"?
AM I "LIFE"?
I MEANT YOU KEEP MY BUSY.
YOU HAD A 3-HOUR NAP
ON SUNDAY.
I WAS TIRED.
FROM WHAT?
YOUR 2-HOUR NAP ON SATURDAY?
JAY, I'VE BEEN WITH YOU
FOR FIVE YEARS,
AND I'VE NEVER HEARD YOU MENTION
ANYTHING ABOUT WRITING.
HEY.
I BOUGHT A TYPEWRITER.
A TYPEWRITER?
(lid clatters)
(gasps)
WHEN IS YOUR BOOK SIGNING?
1975?
IT'S A HELL OF A CHARACTER.
THEY TAUGHT HIM HOW TO KILL,
BUT HE NEVER LEARNED TO LOVE!
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
WAIT, WAIT.
OKAY.
DADDIES! DADDIES!
THE TOOTH FAIRY CAME.
WHAT? NO WAY!
(singsongy)
OH, THAT'S SO EXCITING!
WHAT'D SHE BRING YOU?
WELL...
OH! FAIRY DUST. NICE TOUCH.
AH.
OH, MY GOSH, IT'S A LOT.
UH-HUH.
SOME STICKERS...
OH!
AH!
A TOOTHBRUSH...
OOH!
AND A HUNDRED DOLLAR BILL!
WHAT?
WOW. LOOK AT THAT.
OKAY.
I LOVE THE TOOTH FAIRY.
THE TOOTH FAIRY GAVE
OUR DAUGHTER $100.
DOES SHE NOT KNOW THAT
THE GOING RATE FOR A TOOTH
IS $5 AT THE MOST?
WELL, OBVIOUSLY, THE TOOTH FAIRY
MADE A MISTAKE.
MAYBE IT'S
'CAUSE THE TOOTH FAIRY
HAD A LITTLE TOO MUCH
CHARDONNAY LAST NIGHT.
I THINK THE TOOTH FAIRY
CAN HANDLE THE CHARDONNAY.
WHAT I DON'T THINK
SHE CAN HANDLE
IS CRITICIZING SOMEONE
WHO MADE AN HONEST MISTAKE
IN THE DARK OF THE NIGHT.
I'M GONNA PUT THIS
IN MY CLUTCH.
I CAN'T WAIT
TO TELL EVERYONE AT SCHOOL!
OOH.
OKAY, WE CANNOT BE
THE PARENTS OF A 6-YEAR-OLD
WHO GETS $100
FROM THE TOOTH FAIRY.
IT'S BAD ENOUGH
WE'RE THE PARENTS
OF A 6-YEAR-OLD WITH A CLUTCH.
YOU KNOW, THAT BAG TRANSITIONS
FROM DAY TO NIGHT SEAMLESSLY,
AND I NO LONGER HAVE TO CARRY
CRAYONS IN MY FRONT POCKET.
CAN'T HAVE THIS ARGUMENT
AGAIN!
THANK YOU, DR. ANN,
FOR SHOWING US HOW EXCITING
AND SURPRISING
A REAL LIVE THERAPY
SESSION CAN BE.
I WILL HOLD ON TO THIS CARD.
NEXT UP, WE HAVE LUKE'S DAD,
MR. DUNPHY.
HEY.
(chuckles)
THANK YOU.
MM-HMM.
GUESS WHAT?
I'VE BEEN IN YOUR HOUSE
WHEN YOU WEREN'T HOME.
AND YOURS.
NO, I'M NOT A BURGLAR.
(laughs) I'M A REALTOR.
HO!
HEY, SORRY I'M LATE!
I JUST SOLD
ANOTHER MANSION.
(laughs)
HOW YOU DOIN', HONEY?
HISTORY IS FULL
OF GREAT RIVALRIES--
ATHENS AND SPARTA,
KERRIGAN AND HARDING,
PHIL DUNPHY AND GIL THORPE.
IN THIS SCENARIO,
HE'S THE TONYA, I'M THE NANCY.
PAY ATTENTION, KIDS.
YOU'RE ABOUT TO HEAR
FROM THE NUMBER
FOUR REALTOR IN TOWN.
(laughs, mouths words)
ANYWAY, UH, I'M NOT GONNA
BORE YOU GUYS WITH A LECTURE.
INSTEAD, I'D LIKE YOU TO WATCH
AS I CONVERSE WITH A YOUNG MAN
WHO'S WONDERING
WHAT TO DO WITH HIS LIFE.
(rock music playing)
HEY, KID.
HEY, KID, UP HERE!
UP HERE!
YO, DUDE! WHASSUP?
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT'S UP.
I'M INTERESTED IN HELPING YOU
BY TELLING YOU ALL ABOUT
A CAREER IN REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE?
ISN'T THAT JUST BUYING
AND SELLING HOUSES?
I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THAT.
EPIC FAIL.
(laughs)
SOUNDS LIKE
WE NEED TO START
AT THE BEGINNING.
YOU SEE, REAL ESTATE
IS ABOUT PEOPLE.
PFFT.
PEOPLE?
COULDN'T AGREE MORE, PHIL.
BEST PART OF OUR JOB
IS PUTTING THE RIGHT PERSON
IN THE RIGHT HOME.
GIL...
MATTER OF FACT, LAST WEEK,
I PUT A "SPANISH" COUPLE
INTO A SPANISH HOME.
GIL.
A WORLD WITHOUT HOUSES?
THAT'S CRAY-CRAY.
OKAY. OKAY.
PHIL.
I'M SORRY. I DIDN'T MEAN
TO SCREW UP YOUR LITTLE SHOW.
I KNOW TIMING
IS CRITICAL ON THESE THINGS.
GIL, PLEASE.
BELIEVE ME, THE LAST THING
I WANT TO DO IS...
AW! YOU SOLD A HOUSE TO
THE CHANNEL 7 WEATHERMAN?
NO. NO.
BUT I DID SELL ONE
TO KOBE BRYANT.
GUESS WHAT?
WHAT?!
HE'S NOT TALKING TO YOU.
HE'S TALKING TO ME.
AND I HAVE
A VERY FUNNY STORY, ACTUALLY.
A GUY WALKS INTO... NO.
(laughs) THAT'S HILARIOUS.
NO! I HAVEN'T TOLD IT!
OKAY, UM...
OH!
UH...
GREAT THROW.
YOU WERE RIGHT.
IT IS IN MY COURT.
BALL'S IN YOUR COURT!
BUT GUESS WHAT--
IT WAS ME THE WHOLE TIME.
♪
(gasps) WHAT?!
(clapping)
COME ON, KIDS, COME ON.
GIVE IT UP!
HE TRIED.
I THINK WE ALL KNOW
WHAT YOU WERE GOING FOR, PHIL.
BUT I'M LOOKIN' OUT HERE,
AND I'M SEEING SOME HUNGRY KIDS.
AM I RIGHT? THAT'S WHY
I BROUGHT PLENTY OF...
GIL PICKLES!
WHO WANTS A GIL PICKLE?
COME ON. LET ME SEE 'EM.
ALL RIGHT. COME ON.
GRAB ONE.
GIL PICKLES.
(sighs)
GENIUS.
SO MUCH BETTER
THAN MY PHIL-LOW CASES.
CLAIRE WASN'T A FAN.
ONE OF HIM IN BED
IS MORE THAN ENOUGH.
DO YOU HEAR THAT, LADIES?
ALL RIGHT. JUST HIT "SEND."
(beeps, whooshes)
HEY! YOU JUST SOLD A HOUSE!
(laughs)
AND YOU'RE GONNA BE
CHASING THAT HIGH
FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE.
GIVE HER A ROUND
OF APPLAUSE, EVERYBODY.
SHE JUST SOLD A HOUSE.
I WANNA THANK YOU KIDS
FOR HAVING ME HERE TODAY.
AND REMEMBER THE THREE RULES
OF REAL ESTATE--
THORPE, THORPE, THORPE!
(laughs) OKAY.
THANK YOU, MR. THORPE.
IT TURNS OUT WE HAVE
A LITTLE EXTRA TIME.
UH, MRS. DUNPHY?
YES?
I'M SURE THE CLASS
WOULD LOVE TO HEAR FROM YOU.
OH, NO. I JUST CAME IN
TO HELP MY HUSBAND.
I'M A...
I'M A STAY-AT-HOME MOM.
I KNOW.
AND THAT'S A VERY IMPORTANT JOB.
IT IS. UH, YEAH.
I CAN--I CAN DO THIS
FOR A MINUTE.
UM,
STAY-AT-HOME MOM.
UH, WHAT THAT MEANS
IS I ACTUALLY HAVE
A WHOLE BUNCH
OF DIFFERENT JOBS.
I AM A CHAUFFEUR, A CHEF,
UH, A HOUSE MANAGER, A NURSE.
(speaks indistinctly)
IS IT WHAT
YOU ALWAYS WANTED TO DO?
NO. NOT EXACTLY.
UH, I WENT TO COLLEGE,
UH, TO STUDY MARKETING
AND WORKED AT ONE OF THOSE
BIG HOTEL COMPANIES.
BUT WHEN MY KIDS CAME ALONG,
I JUST WANTED TO BE THERE.
YOU KNOW, WIPE THEIR NOSES
AND CHANGE THEIR DIAPERS
AND TUCK 'EM IN AT NIGHT.
MOM!
FOR THE RECORD,
I DO ALL MY OWN WIPING.
SO WHY HAVEN'T YOU GONE
BACK TO WORK?
I'VE DONE A FEW THINGS LATELY.
I JUST REDID A HOUSE, AND I RAN
FOR CITY COUNCIL LAST YEAR.
YOU'RE ON THE CITY COUNCIL?
NO. I-I DIDN'T WIN.
YOU LOST?
THAT'S WHAT
"DIDN'T WIN" MEANS.
I... I THOUGHT I WOULD BE
GOING BACK TO WORK
WHEN THE KIDS GOT OLDER,
BUT IT--IT'S NOT AS EASY
AS YOU MIGHT THINK.
YOU KNOW, PEOPLE AREN'T
EXACTLY LINING UP
TO HIRE A WOMAN
WHO'S ALMOST 40
AND HAS BEEN OUT
OF THE JOB MARKET FOR 15 YEARS.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE 42.
THAT'S ALMOST 40, LUKE.
MY MOM WENT BACK TO WORK
WHEN I WAS 4.
SO THERE WAS NO ONE AT HOME
TO TEACH YOU NOT TO INTERRUPT?
OKAY.
HEY, HEY, HEY!
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
STAY-AT-HOME
MOMS ARE HEROES.
YEAH.
THEY'RE THE BACKBONE
OF THIS COUNTRY.
THANKS, GIL.
I MEAN, IF I HAD
TO DO THAT JOB,
I'D PROBABLY DRINK MYSELF
TO DEATH, HONESTLY.
OOH.
LET'S GIVE HER
A ROUND OF APPLAUSE, EVERYBODY.
OH, COME ON, YOU CAN DO BETTER
THAN THAT. LET ME HEAR YA!
ALL RIGHT! ALL RIGHT!
ALL RIGHT, CLASS DISMISSED.
GET OUT OF HERE!
NO!
NO, NO, NO.
WE HAVE... GUYS,
WE HAVE THREE MORE HOURS.
HERE.
MY OLD TYPEWRITER.
YOU SAID YOU WANT TO WRITE.
WRITE.
NOW?
I'VE GOT A BUSY DAY.
I ALREADY CALLED YOUR OFFICE
AND TOLD THEM
THAT YOU CAN'T COME IN
TO WALK AROUND FOR 20 MINUTES
SAYING TO EVERYONE,
"WHAT'S UP, SPORT?"
I KNOW THIS IS YOUR
SUBTLE LITTLE WAY OF SAYING
YOU DON'T THINK
I CAN DO IT.
NO. IT'S LIFE
GETTING OUT OF THE WAY.
FINE. I'M GONNA TAKE YOU UP
ON YOUR LITTLE CHALLENGE,
BUT YOU SHOULD KNOW THIS--
THIS BEHAVIOR OF YOURS
IS NOT GONNA FLY
WHEN YOU LOSE YOUR LOOKS.
MM!
YOU'RE GONNA BE LONG GONE
BY THEN.
(Gil) HEY.
MNH?
DUNPHY.
YEAH? OH.
YOU OKAY?
I'M FINE. I'M FINE.
DON'T LET THAT LITTLE SMART-ASS
BOTHER YOU, ALL RIGHT.
HAVE YOU SEEN HER MOTHER?
DOES NOT AGE WELL.
(chuckles) WELL, UM, THANKS
FOR RESCUING ME IN THERE.
AND TELL PHIL I'M SORRY
IF I THREW HIM OFF IN THERE.
I PROBABLY SHOULD LEARN JUST
TO KEEP MY BIG BLOWHOLE SHUT.
ACTUALLY, IT WENT A LITTLE
BETTER THAN IT DID IN REHEARSAL,
TO BE HONEST.
(laughs)
BUT I WILL TELL HIM
WHAT YOU SAID.
YOU KNOW, YOUR LITTLE MELTDOWN
IN THERE GOT ME THINKING.
I'M BUILDING
A RETAIL OFFICE DEVELOPMENT,
AND I COULD USE
A LIAISON TO WORK WITH
THE PLANNING COMMISSION.
ARE YOU OFFERING ME A JOB?
WELL, YEAH.
YOU KNOW PEOPLE IN CITY HALL,
AND YOU DID A HELL OF A JOB
ON THAT FLIP.
AND FOR THE SAFETY
OF YOU AND YOUR FAMILY,
I GOTTA GET YOU OUT
OF THAT HOUSE.
BUT YOU AND PHIL
ARE COMPETITORS.
IT--
NOT ON THIS.
LOOK, IF THIS WORKS OUT,
EVERYBODY'S GONNA WIN...
EXCEPT FOR THAT
TROPICAL FISH STORE
WE'RE BOOTING OUT OF THERE.
I DON'T FEEL BAD
ABOUT THAT AT ALL. (laughs)
CAN I TAKE A COUPLE OF DAYS
TO THINK ABOUT IT?
YEAH. YEAH. TAKE YOUR TIME.
NO PRESSURE.
OKAY.
AND WHEN YOU'RE READY,
JUST GIVE ME A CALL.
OKAY.
NUMBER'S ON THE STICK.
GREAT. OH, YEAH.
OKAY. GIL PICKLE.
SEE YA!
THORPE! THORPE! THORPE!
THORPE. THORPE. THORPE.
LOOK WHAT JUST CAME
IN THE MAIL--
A LETTER ADDRESSED
TO YOU,
LILY.
REALLY?
I DON'T GET MUCH MAIL.
OH, LET'S SEE HERE.
UH, YEAH.
OH, THE TOOTH FAIRY.
"1 TOOTH FAIRY LANE.
TOOTH CITY, TOOTH DAKOTA."
(chuckles)
I HOPE IT'S ANOTHER $100.
OOH!
WELL, LOOKIE THERE.
(singsongy) GLITTER!
(giggles)
I GUESS THE TOOTH FAIRY DOESN'T
HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT VACUUMING.
SEE, "DEAR LILY, I'M WRITING
BECAUSE I MADE A MISTAKE
AND GAVE YOU TOO MUCH MONEY."
OH.
"PLEASE LEAVE THE $100
UNDER YOUR PILLOW TONIGHT,
AND I'LL GIVE YOU A DOLLAR.
SORRY IF THAT BITES."
(laughs)
OH.
LET ME SEE THAT.
I CAN'T READ.
UH, WELL, IT SOUNDS LIKE
SHE'S REALLY IN A JAM.
AND I THINK
WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO GIVE
THE TOOTH FAIRY
HER $100 BACK.
MM-HMM.
NO! I WANNA KEEP IT.
I'M SCARED THAT SHE'S GONNA
BE THE ONE TAKING CARE OF US
WHEN WE'RE OLDER.
YEAH.
(keys clacking)
(Jay's voice) "CHUCK STONE,
"6-FOOT, 3-INCHES
OF STEELY EYED DETERMINATION
SAT AT
THE INTERROGATION TABLE."
(groans)
"HIS MIND WAS A BLANK..."
(clicking)
"A COMPLETE BLANK.
"HE LITERALLY COULD NOT THINK
OF ONE SINGLE, SOLITARY THING.
THEN HE NOTICED A SPOT."
(bell dings)
"IT LOOKED LIKE SYRUP
LEFT OVER FROM BREAKFAST..."
(spritzes)
"WHICH MADE HIM REALIZE
IT WAS LUNCHTIME.
"A BACON, LETTUCE,
AND TOMATO, SANDWICH--
"OR B.L.T,
AS CHUCK STONE CALLED IT--
WOULD REALLY HIT THE SPOT."
(bell dings, clack)
"THE SECRET, CHUCK REALIZED,
WAS REAL MAYONNAISE..."
"NOT THAT HEALTHY CRAP HIS WIFE
KEPT BUYING FOR THEIR SON."
(mouth full) DAMN IT!
"I MEAN, WHAT'S THE POINT
OF T-T-T-T-T-T-T?
TEA FOR TWO.
TWO FOR TEA."
IT ONLY GETS WORSE FROM HERE.
YOU CAN'T BE SERIOUS!
GIL THORPE IS MY NEMESIS!
I HATE TO BREAK IT TO YOU, PHIL,
BUT YOU'RE NOT BATMAN.
TRUST ME.
GIL IS A SNAKE AND HE'S FOUND
THE PERFECT WAY TO MESS WITH ME.
DID IT EVER OCCUR TO YOU THAT
HE WAS HIRING ME BECAUSE OF...
I DON'T KNOW? ME.
ARE YOU KIDDING?
WHAT'S YOUR LAST NAME?!
RIGHT NOW?
I'M SORRY, CLAIRE.
I-I HATE TO DO THIS,
BUT I HAVE TO USE MY VETO.
VETO? OH, YOU DON'T GET
ANY VETOES.
YOU VETO ME ALL THE TIME.
'CAUSE YOU HAVE DUMB IDEAS.
NAME ONE.
THAT WENT ON FOR A WHILE.
...AND LET'S NOT FORGET
SHOWER SNACKS.
I CAN'T BE THE ONLY ONE
WHO GETS HUNGRY IN THERE!
HEY, JAY.
MY MOM SAID
YOU WERE WRITING A BOOK.
THAT'S FANTASTIC.
UH-HUH.
BY THE WAY, CAREER DAY WAS
A LITTLE WEIRD.
I THINK CLAIRE'S GOING THROUGH
SOME PRETTY DARK STUFF,
AND YOU MIGHT WANT TO CHECK--
ENOUGH CHITCHAT.
I'VE GOTTA GET A CHARACTER
OUT OF A BIND.
OOH.
WHAT DID HE DO?
HE TOLD HIS WIFE
HE COULD WRITE A BOOK.
DON'T GIVE UP, JAY.
SELF-DOUBT
IS PART OF THE PROCESS.
YOU CAN'T BE A GOOD WRITER
WITHOUT BEING CRITICAL
OF YOUR OWN WORK.
HMM.
HUH.
WHAT?
I'M RACKING MY BRAIN
FOR A COMPLIMENT HERE.
I KNOW.
IT STINKS.
AND YOUR MOM'S GONNA RUB IT
IN MY FACE PRETTY GOOD.
OKAY. WHY IS CHUCK STONE
INTERROGATING THIS GUY?
HE NEEDS THE CODES.
IF HE DOESN'T GET 'EM,
THE INTERNATIONAL SPACE
STATION'S GONNA CRASH
INTO TIMES SQUARE
ON NEW YEAR'S EVE.
SO HE'S SHORT OF TIME.
HE'S GOT ABOUT TWO MINUTES.
HE'S DESPERATE.
HOW ABOUT THIS?
"CHUCK STONE SMILED
AND LIT A CIGARETTE,
"AS IF HE HAD
ALL THE TIME IN THE WORLD,
WHEN IN FACT, THE WORLD
WAS ABOUT TO END."
HOLY CRAP.
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?
MOVE OVER.
I'LL TYPE.
(clacking)
SOME COFFEE WOULD BE GREAT.
THANKS.
I'M SORRY.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHY WE DON'T JUST GO IN THERE,
WE TELL HER WE'RE TAKING
THE MONEY, AND THAT'S THAT.
BECAUSE THIS IS
A TEACHING MOMENT,
AND WE WANT HER TO WANT
TO GIVE THE MONEY BACK.
I'M JUST REALLY WORRIED
WE'RE BECOMING THOSE
OVERINDULGENT PARENTS RIGHT NOW.
DON'T BE SILLY.
OKAY, YOU READY, TOOTH FAIRY?
(exhales) LET'S DO THIS.
ALL RIGHT.
(singsongy) LILY,
LOOK WHO CAME TO SAY HI!
(high-pitched voice) IT'S ME,
THE TOOTH FAIRY.
AND I'VE COME TO ASK YOU
FOR A FAVOR!
ARE YOU REALLY
THE TOOTH FAIRY?
OH, YES, I AM.
LOOK AT MY WINGS!
CAN YOU FLY?
I WANNA SEE YOU FLY.
WELL, I CAN'T RIGHT NOW
BECAUSE...
UM...
WELL, BECAUSE--
BECAUSE THE TOOTH FAIRY'S
TOO SAD TO FLY...
OH.
(whimpers)
BECAUSE SHE MADE A MISTAKE
THAT ONLY YOU CAN MAKE BETTER.
IS THIS ABOUT THE MONEY AGAIN?
WELL, YES, IT IS.
I NEED ENOUGH FOR ALL
THE OTHER CHILDREN'S TOOTHS.
TEETH.
WAIT A MINUTE.
YOU'RE NOT THE TOOTH FAIRY.
YOU'RE HALEY.
NO!
I AM THE TOOTH FAIRY!
LOOK! FAIRY DUST!
(Mitchell)
AND THERE'S THAT GLITTER.
WHY DID YOU LIE?
YOU SAID LYING WAS WRONG.
WE ALSO SAID THAT WHEN SOMEONE
IS IN TROUBLE, YOU HELP THEM.
HOW DO I KNOW
YOU WEREN'T LYING?
SHE IS GOOD.
ALL RIGHT, LILY,
THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
ALL RIGHT, THE TOOTH FAIRY
HAS MADE A MISTAKE.
YOU NEED TO PUT THE $100
UNDER THE PILLOW,
AND THAT IS THE END
OF THE STORY.
BECAUSE YOU BELIEVE
IT'S THE RIGHT THING TO DO...
(inhales deeply) YES.
DON'T YOU?
BUT I WANNA BUY A SCOOTER.
OH.
THAT'S WHAT I'D DO.
I MEAN...
WHO CARES
WHAT SANTA THINKS, RIGHT?
SANTA?
WELL, HE SEES EVERYTHING,
AND THIS'LL PROBABLY PUT YOU
ON THE "NAUGHTY" LIST.
BUT WHO NEEDS PRESENTS
EVERY YEAR?
YOU'VE GOT A HUNDRED DOLLARS.
YOU CAN RIDE AROUND
THAT EMPTY CHRISTMAS TREE
UNTIL YOU'RE AN OLD LADY.
CAN I HAVE SOME TIME
TO THINK ABOUT IT?
YOU DON'T NEED ANY--
OF COURSE, SWEETIE.
YEAH. OKAY.
HALEY?
OKAY, THAT WAS BRILLIANT.
THANKS.
OH, ALSO, CAN I BORROW THIS?
WHY?
I'D RATHER NOT SAY.
(slurps) YOU KNOW,
AFTER I PUT ON THE WIG,
I JUST... I FELT LIKE
THE CHARACTER.
(cell phone rings)
HANG ON.
(beep)
YELL-O?
(Gil) Quick question.
Am I talking to Live Phil
or Video Phil? (laughs)
(Phil)
What do you want, Gil?
I JUST WANNA MAKE IT'S OKAY
THAT YOUR WIFE CALLS ME "BOSS."
GOOD-BYE.
Oh, hold on! Hold on!
I'M JUST MESSING WITH YA.
ALTHOUGH I DO THINK YOUR WIFE'S
GONNA ENJOY BEING UNDER ME.
MY SON IS IN THE CAR.
Hey, superstar! What's up?
LISTEN, ANY TIME YOU WANNA
SWING BY THE BEACH HOUSE,
I'LL BE GLAD TO SHOW YOU
HOW TO THROW A TIGHT SPIRAL
LIKE I DID AT TEXAS TECH.
BOOYAH!
TOMMY!
HE ALREADY KNOWS HOW TO THROW.
YEAH, MY GAY UNCLE CAM
TAUGHT ME.
I-I GOT THIS.
THIS WAS BETWEEN US.
YOU DON'T BRING FAMILY INTO IT.
LOW BLOW GETTING
CLAIRE'S HOPES UP.
HEY, I'M NOT GETTING
HER HOPES UP.
THIS IS A REAL JOB
WITH REAL BENNIES--
ONE OF WHICH IS I GET TO
TELL YOU WHAT I'M THINKING
WHENEVER SHE LEANS OVER
MY DESK!
Ha ha ha!
OH, I'M GONNA HAVE
SO MUCH FUN WITH THIS! UHH!
LATER, DUNPH-BAGS!
(beep)
WHAT A JERK.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE'RE GONNA TELL YOUR MOM
BEFORE SHE GOES INTO BUSINESS
WITH THIS GUY.
HE'S GIL-TY OF BEING
A THORPE IN MY SIDE.
TRYING TOO HARD.
YEAH.
(keys clack, bell dings)
(Gloria) HELLO!
(lowered voice) MOVE!
(thud)
OW!
YOU'RE FINE.
SO?
HOW WAS YOUR FIRST DAY
OF WRITING?
GLORIA, SHH!
LET ME FINISH ONE THOUGHT.
(key clacks)
GOT IT.
SO YOU ACTUALLY
WROTE SOMETHING?
WELL, IT WAS SLOW GOING
AT FIRST,
BUT THEN THE JUICES
STARTED FLOWING.
MAY I?
SURE. UH, IF IT HELPS,
PICTURE TOM BERENGER.
I ALWAYS DO.
MNH.
WHAT?
WELL, IT'S JUST THIS...
THIS FIRST SENTENCE
IS A BIT LONG.
LONG OR DYNAMIC?
NO, LONG AND CONFUSING.
I CAN'T TELL WHO'S TALKING.
MAYBE THAT'S JUST TO MIMIC
THE FOG OF BATTLE.
OKAY.
(mouths word)
HMM.
WHAT NOW?
JUST... THERE WERE
NO CELL PHONES IN 1965.
THAT'S A MISTAKE.
I'M CHANGING THAT.
YOU CAN'T CHANGE THAT.
IT COMES BACK IN THE END...
I-I PRESUME.
THE POINT IS, I CAN WRITE.
I PROBABLY WON'T PURSUE IT,
BUT IT'S A VIABLE CAREER OPTION.
THE CIA HAD ALL SORTS
OF TOP-SECRET TECHNOLOGY.
WHO'S TO SAY
THEY DIDN'T HAVE CELL PHONES?
MANNY, LET IT GO.
AND THIS CHUCK STONE--
HE DOESN'T SEEM VERY GOOD
AT HIS JOB.
HE'S FLAWED.
THAT'S WHAT MAKES
THE CHARACTER INTERESTING.
IF YOU WANT SOMEONE PERFECT,
PUT IN A ROBOT.
(gasps) A ROBOT!
I LIKE A ROBOT.
NO! YOU'RE NOT PUTTING A ROBOT
IN MY STORY!
THAT'S RIGHT,
MY STORY.
YOU MUST BE VERY HAPPY.
I WOULD BE,
BUT LIFE GOT IN THE WAY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
OH, I JUST GOT OUT
MY OLD BRIEFCASE.
IT'S STILL CAPABLE
OF DOING THE JOB,
JUST LIKE ME.
CLAIRE, YOU HAVE
TO UNDERSTAND SOMETHING.
YOU HAVE TO UNDERSTAND
SOMETHING.
I WALKED AROUND ALL DAY
ON CLOUD NINE
BECAUSE SOMEBODY VALUED ME.
I VALUE YOU.
WE ALL VALUE YOU.
NO, OF COURSE YOU DO,
BECAUSE I COOK AND I CLEAN
AND I PICK UP DIRTY UNDERWEAR.
NO, HONEY,
IT'S DIFFERENT THAN THAT.
I HAVE BEEN ON THE SIDELINES
FOR SO LONG,
I DIDN'T KNOW IF ANYBODY
WOULD EVER THINK
I HAVE WHAT IT TAKES AGAIN.
I KNOW GIL'S NOT
THE GREATEST GUY,
BUT THIS IS IMPORTANT.
AND I THINK--
I THINK YOU SHOULD
TAKE THE JOB.
BUT, DAD...
NO, LUKE. SHE'S RIGHT.
YOUR MOM'S GONNA BE
AMAZING AT THIS.
MMM!
(chuckles)
I RETRACT MY VETO.
YOU NEVER HAD A VETO.
YES, I DID.
NO, YOU DIDN'T,
AND I'LL TELL YOU WHY.
AND THAT WENT ON FOR A WHILE.
...AND LASTLY,
THIS WHOLE CONVERSATION
WOULD BE HAPPENING IN A YURT.
IT'S THE PERFECT STRUCTURE.
I HAVE TO GO TAKE THE SHOULDER
PADS OUT OF ALL MY OLD SUITS!
YOU KNOW HE'S GONNA
KEEP TEASING YOU.
IF IT MAKES YOUR MOM HAPPY,
I CAN HANDLE A FEW PHONE CALLS.
(cell phone chimes)
AND TEXTS.
WOW.
WHAT DOES IT SAY?
(voice breaks)
NOTHING I CAN'T HANDLE.
(Manny) "WE ALL WEAVE
A WEB OF LIES."
"SOME WE TELL TO TRY TO HELP
THE ONES WE LOVE."
"SOME WE TELL TO TRY
TO FOOL OURSELVES."
"AND SOME WE TELL BECAUSE,
"WHEN YOU'RE OUT OF BULLETS
"AND STARING DOWN THE BARREL
OF A KALASHNIKOV,
THE ONLY WEAPON
YOU'VE GOT LEFT IS GUILE."
SHE'S NUTS.
THAT'S FANTASTIC.
OKAY, GUYS, BRING IT IN!
LET'S GET THIS PLACE SHIPSHAPE
BEFORE SHE GETS HOME.
I'M SURE
SHE HAD A BIG FIRST DAY.
HALEY, I'M PUTTING YOU
ON LAUNDRY.
ALEX, KITCHEN AND VACUUM.
LUKE, YOU'RE CLEANING
THE BATHROOM.
(scoffs) WHY ME?
BECAUSE YOU ALWAYS MESS IT UP.
YEAH, WHY CAN'T YOU
PEE STRAIGHT?
HEY, I'M DOING A GREAT JOB
FROM THAT FAR BACK.
OKAY, GUYS,
TEAM DUNPHY ON THREE.
ONE, TWO--THAT'S RIGHT,
WE GOT A LOT TO DO!
(door opens)
HONEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING
HOME SO EARLY?
(keys clatter)
I QUIT.
THAT MAN IS A COMPLETE PIG.
HE TREATED ME LIKE A SERVANT
AND SHOWED ME
ABSOLUTELY NO RESPECT.
I'M SO SORRY.
YOU DESERVE BETTER THAN THAT.
I DO.
(sighs deeply)
OHH!
SO WHAT'S FOR DINNER?
I FEEL LIKE YOU HEARD ME WRONG.
I SAID, WHAT'S FOR DINNER?
I HEARD YOU!